dear perfie, 
so much had to happen, nothing has been fair this far.i dont know if others get to bear such awkward phase too.
it hasnt been funny. All i want is the sincerity that releases every thought stucked somewhere in me.

it has been quite an experience, sometimes i feel quite normal, other times i get this harsh feedback from my decisions.
life isn't so simple, and worse, is matters of the heart. 

hope you've been fairing well, hope you've had the will to breathe freely, careless as you were before we ever crossed path
though if i were to be very sincere as i wished at the begining of this letter i'd prefer you don't 
in many ways your comfort itself gets me jealous. your remember? 

i'll give you two instances, one when i heard u wanted to travel to canada, for reasons im still very unsure about i felt 
really uncomfy. i questioned what i felt then but came up with nothing. it wasn't really strange or too alarming for me 
then because i've always been very unsure about my thoughts, same goes for my feelings and decisions.
nothing has been more exhausting than my thoughtful nights without sleep. you claim to be more difficult,
but you wouldnt know just how much of a coward i've been. i wouldnt ever wish u something as dreadful 
as this plague i've been fighting all my life.

i've made promises, felt loved, smiled, laughed, made memories all the while - all to and with you. memories i can barely 
flash through without dropping a tear. if theres one thing i never failed to do atleast with words was assuring you of how 
important you were to me, those have been the most sincere part of our story. i've always felt very sure of that;
for some unsual reasons i just know how much i like you. but keeping you has been the test this far.
if i dare say i know just how to keep you i'd be blowing lamba itself. i really dont know how to.
i fear keeping you too close so we dont get too used to each other and still yet i fear losing our connection even more.

have you ever felt your heart beat at a pace you feel may jxt lead to its permanent stop? i've fet that many times
and believe me its no nice experience. believe me when i say this whole earth don begin tire me.

even though im loosing it and may get worse as time paasses, i'll say what im always good at saying - singing your praises
allow me sing you a poem;



soni is a anythig you cant imagine
soni is anything you cant dream about
she has complex issues as the local guy
her strength is one thing though 
believe me she's as powerless as the thing that is not a thing
her strength lies in her smile
cheerfulness i swear annoys that poor local guy
her chips are never down 
its as if those tribal marks of hers were curses of laughter
she doesnt know how to cry even if she claims she does
her heart is gold 
the local guy wants to preach that without any stuttering in his thoughts
as we know life isnt a bird of roses, 
her life has its own share of downtimes
she keeps her sighing to herself;
that attitude annoys the local guy


soni we both have issues, dont you think?
we're way too complex, you can handle it. but i doubt i can, if this whole complexity continues i go beat you.


Love, peace and Beans
jay


 

